>> Hey, Melissa,
how are you? >> Hi, Angela; I'm great.
How are you? >> I'm doing well. I really appreciate you taking
some time to talk with me today. I know you have a super busy
schedule, so thank you. >> No problem.
Happy to do it. >> I wanted to get to
know you a little bit, since I don't know you
very well, and I was really curious about
the work that you do for eCornell. Can you tell me
a little bit about that? >> Oh, sure.
So, at eCornell, I'm an Instructional
Design Director, and that means I lead teams of
instructional designers on developing and
helping deliver online learning experiences
for working professionals. >> For working
professionals? >> Yes. >> You don't really work with
the college students at all; you don't design
anything that helps the current
students at Cornell? >> That's a great question.
More recently, eCornell has been
involved in working with Cornell University on for-credit opportunities
for matriculated students. In fact, when
COVID happened, eCornell became involved
more than ever, helping faculty to get
their teaching online to deliver
to students virtually. >> Yeah, that makes sense,
because one of the things — when I worked with my
very first eCornell course, one of the things
I realized is all of us should have
instructional designers, I guess I thought since you're
a director that you have — I'm trying to understand;
like the instructional designers, I thought, do that, and
you just manage them, but are you also doing that
in addition to the designers? >> Yeah, I do do
a little bit of that. In fact, when I joined
eCornell, that was one of my first tasks,
was to design a course, help a faculty
design a course. You can't really mentor your team unless you've
gone through it yourself. So I really valued
that experience at eCornell, because
prior to Cornell, I was at Yale, and I had
designed Yale courses, but eCornell has
a different approach. They both get at the
student experience, but it's how you get there
that's been different. >> So I'm kind of curious what your
favorite part of what you do is. >> Oh, wow, that's a really,
really good question. Favorite part is
probably when it's over. I really mean that because
I love student feedback. If there are more opportunities
to get student feedback, I find it useful to see
ways we can implement those thoughts across future courses
because that's how you learn. We have to eventually button
it up and put it out there, but where you get students' feedback
is where things shine and where you can start
to iterate over time. >> Student feedback. So I was thinking a little bit on
another aspect of work that I do. You have been affiliated
with Cornell; Cornell is like
this amazing — eCornell and Cornell;
amazing place. I think we're probably
considered amongst the elite. You said you came
from Yale. Same thing; another
elite institution. I think there's
probably somewhere — I serve on a board of trustees for another college that
is not in that class, right, and I had to look up how many
schools there were and I had to look up how many were
in certain categories. So there's like over 4,500 schools,
universities, in this country. Less than a hundred — I'd say
probably 50 are considered elite. You and I
work for the elite, the elite of the group,
which is a great privilege; I mean, I'm really grateful
for my experiences at Cornell. Then I have this other side
of me that gets to serve as a trustee member for
a college that probably admits — I don't know — 90% of the
people that try to get in. I like it because
these kids, they would never be at Cornell, and yet they are
changing their lives. So these kids come
to school and they're changing not
only their own lives, but the lives of their families
because they can get a better job,
a well-paying job. And so I get stuck between
these two worlds a lot, between the elite and
the — I don't even know; it's probably not fair
to call them "non-elite"; that's not true.
It's just a different segment that
they're serving. >> Maybe mainstream. >> Yeah, mainstream;
maybe — even that, though. A lot of first-generation kids, parents that don't
understand all of this and
the kids are on their own, figuring it all out.
And so then COVID hit. And what was happening was
they had to get online quick. And I noticed
a very big difference in the resources and
what was available. And I sat there going, "I teach for
this great place called eCornell, and you should see there are studios and they have
all these instructional designers, and it's really great, and
you guys should just do that." I was even talking
earlier with other folks about how
can we at Cornell — do we even —
is that even possible? How can we take what we
know and our resources and everything that
we're capable of and help some of these
other schools; or should we, even, help some of
these other colleges so that they can continue to serve who they
serve? They're not competing with us. The kids deserve to get an education just
like our kids deserve. I'm just curious what
your thoughts on that were given what
you know how to do and how we do that
with COVID, and Zoom,
and all this. >> Yeah, that's
interesting because it sounds like
what you're saying is, how do we get those audiences to have what Cornell has with the resources
and the means that they have? They don't necessarily
have hundreds of instructional designers
at their disposal, but what do they have, and how could
they scale whatever they learn to impact
more students? I have a lot of thoughts
on that because I am a first-generation
college student in my family and I felt I deserved access to education
as much as anyone else; I got into the school, etc. And then I also think
about what are the baseline,
fundamental things that students need and how do we
get them what they need being a little more
creative with how we deliver our instructional
design principles? It's funny; I had
a friend who is a CPA, and when COVID hit, she was supposed to do
an in-person training to all these incoming accountants,
and she asked me, "I don't know how
to do this online; how do I deliver this training
that's usually in person online?" Now she's not at an academic
institution but she has people who are interested in
learning or acquiring knowledge. So I always think
about what the student wants out of
what you're delivering and how to get it; how to deliver
that to them. >> I'm wondering,
in my role as a trustee, how I could actually model what you
did with your friend for some of the instructors
at this college because they're smart, too, and
they're really good at what they do. It's very hands-on,
what they do; it's the kind of college that relies
on experiential stuff. >> Yeah. >> I figure out, how do we
take experiential stuff and still give the kids the
knowledge, which you said. You're right; it's so important
that the students get the same level of
an experience or at least the kind of
experience they paid for. I'm trying to think of
how to take that model that you're talking about
you did with your friend and apply it to my
discussions in the board. >> Yeah. I think a lot of it
starts with an inventory. Start with what you have; what do the faculty have,
what do you have. You have the knowledge
of how to maybe modify their
content in some way, and they have their
content knowledge. And so once you put
your heads together, you can probably find some ways
to get creative with them. >> You're so good at this, though,
because this is your business; I could tell them that much
and then I would have absolutely nothing
left to tell them. What I'm wondering is — not like a three-day
commitment or anything, but if we were to
have a board meeting — and I'm the chair
of the Academic Policy Mission
Fulfillment Committee. And if we were to have a board
meeting and we just needed to figure out how to work with
the administration to get it done — so the Provost and
I worked together, and let's say
you were able to offer — because of
your expertise, and you're trained at some elite places and so you'll get
instant credibility with them — and just give
some sort of a quick "Here's the things you ought to
be asking your faculty" or "Here's a kind of" — I don't know;
you said an assessment or something — "of what tools you should have
for what you're trying to accomplish"; is that something you would ever
be willing to do for us, where you could give us
a quick lay of the land so we would know how
to proceed from there? >> I could probably do that,
but with a caveat that a lot of these things
change with technology and as we learn more and more
about students and what they need and what they look for in an experience. I'm always happy
to try to start something, but I would couch it in
the fact that you may evolve over time
and you may look at this and adapt over time as
you get more information. >> Again, I think any
information we could get from somebody with your
expertise would be great, though. We have no instructional
designers at all in our place. So essentially, when
this happened, all the faculty members, we have one tech person
who wasn't even trained in tech; he was a librarian person and then trained himself up quickly
to try to help the faculty to be able to modify what they were
doing to save the semester. It was a really huge effort
by everybody involved and their hearts are
all in the right place, but we don't have the expertise
that you have; not even close. And so somebody like you
coming in would be like, "Oh my God,
she works for eCornell"; to come in and help probably would save
some energy and effort on the faculty's end and
would get us started, and then maybe
they would see a need for something more
formal later on. But just anything would be so valuable to us if you
would be willing to do that. >> Yeah. Another thing that
you could consider is a lot of these institutions,
like Cornell, or Yale, or Columbia, they put out a lot of
resources for teaching, for faculty,
for post-docs, for grad students;
anyone who's student-facing. I know that I've learned a lot
just by perusing a lot of these what you said
elite institutions have in terms
of resources out there. >> Is it free for everybody? >> It depends. Some institutions
have their materials behind a central authentication system, while others have it
freely available. I like those that have
it freely available because anyone can benefit
from that knowledge. It's not just for elites; it's for anyone
who's teaching. >> I think you'd probably
understand that a lot of colleges
that are not elite — so I told you there's probably 4,500
colleges and maybe 40 or 50 that are elite. The rest — and then there's
this sort of bottom level. And the bottom level;
struggling for enrollment, not having students
on campus. Struggling for
survival, actually; just don't have the
resources to pay a Cornell or Yale
that kind of money. If they're willing to put in
the hard work of doing it themselves because they
can't afford to have a whole army of
instructional designers, and they can find the
information for nothing, they could save
their institution. So if you know of resources
that I could refer them to that are not expensive or
they don't have a cost, I'm sure they would probably be
willing to look at that as well. >> Yeah. And part of
the reason I suggest that is
because I always like to take a "help the person
help themselves" approach so that they can
really own what they're doing. If I were to come in and give
a workshop on certain things, they may not
absorb it in the way that they could have unless they
were doing it on their own; unless they were
doing the research, unless they were
actually thinking about how whatever it is I'm saying
applies to their class. Sometimes it really takes whoever you're serving to
just do it themselves, or lead them to
do it themselves. >> Totally agree with you. Right; teach a man to fish,
you feed him for a day — I messed that one up. >> That's why I didn't try it. >> Give him a fish you feed
them for a day, but teach him to fish and you
feed him a lifetime, I think that's basically
what you're trying to say. >> Absolutely. >> That's awesome. All right;
well, thank you so much. I really appreciate it
and we'll probably be in touch with you
to see if we can't get even written tips if you
don't want to come and visit us either
by Zoom or in person. We would benefit from anything that
you'd be willing to do for us. >> Yeah, absolutely.
Thank you, and I look forward to
hearing from you.
